c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\LatechInclude.exe.config
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\LatechInclude.exe
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\LatechInclude.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\LatechInclude.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\LatechInclude.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.g.resources
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.exe
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\obj\Debug\LatechInclude.pdb
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ExtendedLinguisticServices.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Sensors.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ShellExtensions.dll
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ExtendedLinguisticServices.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Sensors.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
c:\users\andreas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LatechInclude\LatechInclude\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.ShellExtensions.xml
